descheduler, mustgather in RN (#60019)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virt-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="virt-4-13-known-issues"]
== Known issues

//CNV-27681/BZ2183594 Migration of VMs does not complete with descheduler operator enabled
// No BZ# because it is restricted to Red Hat.

> * The Descheduler is a Technical Preview and might cause failed migrations and unstable scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabling descheduler evictions on a virtual machine is a Technical Preview feature and might cause failed migrations and unstable scheduling.
```

> * The Descheduler is a Technical Preview and might cause failed migrations and unstable scheduling.

Reviewer: Suggest linking to https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/virt/virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-enabling-descheduler-evictions.html
